README
------

This is the source code distribution of BlokOut, an open source
BlockOut clone featuring 3D OpenGL graphics. If you don't know the
original BlockOut it could be shortly described as 3D Tetris. If you
don't know Tetris either, you have completely missed one famous
computer game genre based on falling blocks. If this is the case, I
would recommend you to try any of the numerous Tetris clones
available.

BlokOut was originally written as an assignment work for the Helsinki
University of Technology course Tik-111.300 Computer Graphics. For
more information about the authors, see AUTHORS file.

BlokOut is made available under the GNU General Public License version
2, which can be found in COPYING file.

To compile and install BlokOut, read the instructions in INSTALL file.
You will need installed OpenGL libraries (or you can use Mesa) and
GLUT libraries. You must also have X11 development environment
installed. BlokOut has been succesfully build at least on the
following platforms: Linux 2.2 + Mesa 3.1 + GLUT 3.7, SGI IRIX 5.3,
SGI IRIX 6.5, Sun Solaris 7.

To find short instructions for the game, see INSTRUCTIONS file.

BlokOut is not being actively developed by the original authors but as
it is open source software, anyone can continue development, add new
features and fix bugs (and sort out messy source code :). If you want
to make your modifications available through the current BlokOut WWW
page, please contact Johannes Lehtinen (contact information available
in AUTHORS) to include your modifications into a fresh new release of
BlokOut with you as a co-author.
